1. Yes, the copy on this site makes me to do business with this people.

2. Yes, i go through with the template copy given in the website it looks like ordinary one, but sounds good. I have seen the http://www.tapit.com.au/ template it is sample but it looks cool.

3. No the information in this site is not organized well,because the menus are good, whereas the contents are organized in the manner which is not impressive. And also it is confusing to navigate with the contents and links.

4. Yes, it is well clear that how to act and what will happen to me later.

5. No, i have build some service provided over intranet only and not in internet.

6. No, i didn't pay someone else for building a website for me.
Firefox 3.6 (Windows)
Review time: 7 mins, 41 secs
2 1. Yes definitely the copy of the site makes a customer think on doing business with you.
2. Yes the copy of the site definitely makes me comfortable in getting confidence that you will be able to deliver as per my requirements.
3. The information and steps are organized in pretty good way so as to find out what has to be followed to make a purchase.
4. Yes under the pricing selection it give the details of cost $2500 and other benifits we get. Once you go to Click here to get started the link takes us to page where we are supposed to fill in few of our details.
5. No I have never built a website for myself.
6. No I have never paid someone else to build a website on my behalf.
Internet Explorer 8 (Windows)
Review time: 4 mins, 58 secs
3 Answer 1: No, because i can get it at a cheaper rate.

Answer 2: Yes, i have no doubt about that. I am sure you will be able to deliver.

Answer 3: It is organized, but at times it confused me with too many links and the fonts aren't right.

Answer 4: No, I am still confused about that. I see too many options here and there. It would be better to introduce a 'Purchase' tab.

Answer 5: Yes.

Answer 6: Yes.
Firefox 6 (Windows)
Review time: 8 mins, 57 secs
4 1. yes , the copy on this site make me to want do business with you.

2. no , the copy is not so good , but i am confident that you will be able to deliver a website for my business...

3. yes, the information is very well organised and i know what i have to do inorder to purchase .....

4. yes it is very much clear about all the aspects...

5. no i havent built a website ...because i dont know how to built a website.

6. yes, i paid someone inorder to build a website on my behalf..
Safari 5.1 (Windows)
Review time: 7 mins, 51 secs
5 1.Yes it does.The demo gives us the clear idea to do the business with them.
2.Ya it seems to be like that only.But we dont know how far it is going to be??
3.The information on the site is more organised for me to get what i required to purchase.
4.Not that much comfortable to this way.But its good to see such type of purchasing.
5.ya. small site for our college.
6.no. i didnt pay any one to build such kind of sites.
Firefox 6 (Windows)
Review time: 7 mins, 36 secs
6 1. Not really no, it doesn't sound to professional. More like you're talking to a friend instead of someone you want to build your businesses website.

2. I feel like the copy suggests you would be able to make a good website, but I'm not sure it would be very professional enough for a companies website.

3. Absolutely, the flow of information on the main page is fine, along with the navigation menu at the top, allowing easy access to every area of the site. No one will get lost or get to a point where they don't know exactly what their looking for.

4. Yes, very clear and easy, simply click get started, fill in the information, and wait for the contact to begin the building process.

5. I build them regularly.

6. Nope, always do it myself.
Chrome 14 (Windows)
Review time: 8 mins, 3 secs
7 1.Yes i will definitely do.
2.Yes i will contact this site if i ever needed any business site.
3.Yes it is organized but more information is needed.
4.Yes it is clear and will soon deliver.
5.Yes i have built a website before but it is not business site.
6.No i have never paid before.
Firefox 6 (Windows)
Review time: 0 mins, 7 secs
8 1. No, as a new user the copy on the website is not appealing for me.
2. No, I am not comfortable with the copy on this website.
3. Yes, the information on this website is well organised such that even a new user can understand about your services.
4. Yes, it is clearly explained on your website.A client can easily purchase your services.
5. No, I have never built a website before.
6. No, I have never paid anyone else to build a website.
Chrome 13 (Windows)
Review time: 0 mins, 17 secs
9 1.Does the copy on this site make you want to do business with us? (ignoring the design)
A. Yes. This site shows that you have done a good deal of business websites and looking at that work, I would surely like to do business with you.

2. If you wanted to get a website online for your business does the copy on this site make you feel comfortable that we'd be able to deliver?
A. If I would like a website for my business, I would want it to be attractive and catchy so that people who view it are sure to use it. However, this site does not have that grip for its own and so it makes me less comfortable to do business. However, if we check on your past work, they are quite impressive and so that would make me to go forward and do business with you.

3. Do you think that the information on this site is organised such that you are able to find out what you need in order to make a purchasing decision?
A. The information is not properly organised. It lacks a professional touch as
details like Contact number, Email address where user can drop a mail, etc are not provided. The site thumbnails are also not available which makes it little disordered.

4. Once you have made a purchasing decision is it clear how to act and what will happen when you do?
A. This site is not clear when a user decided to purchase. It takes on long way of form submission process and there is no online option to buy. A single click function to buy online is highly recommended.

5. Have you ever built a website before yourself?
A. No. I have not built a website myself before.

6. Have you ever paid someone else to build a website on your behalf?
A. No, I have not paid anyone to build a website as I am a home maker and do not run any business.
Firefox 3.6 (Windows)
Review time: 24 mins, 56 secs
10 1. No.
2. No, its too informal and makes one feel the seller is not too serious.
3. Yes. Navigation is easy.
4. Yes, instructions are clear, but wording is too flowery.
5. Yes.
6. Yes, when my attempt at doing it myself fell apart.
Firefox 3.5 (Windows)
11 1. By giving text in the website it is insisted that content is the main priority for you but still anyone will first see the design then will go ahead to read the text. Introduction given at home page is quite interesting so if i totally ignore the design I will be interested in doing business but only after watching the graphics.
2. Yes, I feel comfortable.
3. Yes I feel enough information is given on what I shall be getting in the deal and how can i contact the company.
4. I can contact the company using contact forms or by calling at the given number.The concerned person will revert back within 1 hour.
5. No
6. Yes
Chrome 13 (Windows)
Review time: 23 mins, 14 secs
12 1. no, the content is too casual for some one to do serious business with
2. no, i won't feel comfortable working with casual workers, this website presents a very casual.
3. yes i able to find the information i needed.
4. i am confused about this, do i make an account for the demo or i place a phone call
5. no.
6. yes, i have.
Internet Explorer 8 (Windows)
Review time: 7 mins, 58 secs
13 1.yes it made me to do business with it as the explanations provided are satisfactory and trustworthy.
2.yes it was convincing as the offers and services provided are worthy.
3.Yes the homepage was more descriptive and gave all the explanations needed in a clear manner.
4.Yes the points are been made clear in the explanations and it increases the revenues as expected.
5.Yes i have built a picture sharing website.
6.yes i did and the website came out successfully.
Chrome 13 (Windows)
Review time: 5 mins, 5 secs
14 1.Ya. I need to do business with site.

2. yes it is comfortable. ya. you can deliver more sites.

3.For purchase design, we want to sent mail or call to 1300 xxx xxx .

4.Yes, I clear that. I create web copy by Decal Mockups tool and it is easy to purchase.

5. No. It is first time.

6.Ya, I paid.
Firefox 6 (Windows)
Review time: 1 mins, 47 secs
15 1. Not at all. Assertions made seem to be bloated and style of writing is bombastic.
2. No. Design is too simple, unsophisticated and unattractive.
3. Not really, Under pricing, what the price includes is to vague. No technologies are mentioned, no development process, no break-down of price. Would be very difficult for someone to make a purchasing decision on these terms.
4. It is clear that you need to contact the team and the forms in order to easily do that are indeed provided. However, it is unclear how exactly things will proceed as there's no business process described. Do they take requirements? How? Who will do it? In person? How are requirements transformed into a website? Are mockups involved? Is the site static or dynamic? What kind of data needs to be captured and processed?
5. Yes. Many times.
6. No.
Firefox 6 (Windows)
Review time: 9 mins, 19 secs
16 1) Yes the website provoked me to do business with you .

2) Yes it certainly does.

3) It is organized. But it can be made even better .

4) I am not aware of what will happen next

5) No

6) No
Firefox 3.6 (Windows)
Review time: 10 mins, 48 secs
17 1. Partially yes. But the three thumbnail below the "Here are some websites we've built recently" are not fully uploaded. It just says "Click to enlarge" on a grey background. The first impression is crucial. If there is something wrong with the site people won't be working with you.

2. Yes, if you would work cheap. I think you would do a very simple job and not inviting clients to my business. This site need a more personal and warm-human touch like colours, chat, staff images etc.

3. I think all the information needed is there but it needs to be organised properly. For instance it could use a main menu on the right side of the homepage, this way anyone can surf the site's pages in an organised manner.

4. Yes. Signing up is a bit difficult but as soon as you're finished with this the rest is very simple.

5. No. I used to blog and I used different designs every month but that's just it.

6. No, but if I were to have a business that I wanted to flourish I would use this kind of service.
Chrome 13 (Windows)
Review time: 20 mins, 40 secs
18 1. I think the content of this is very credible and i think by thinking hard and reading all the stuff there is nothing bad in it.

2. I think if a samples of the products which this business makes were available i think i could answer this question in a better way.

3. Yes i think the information is presented in a very professional way.

4. Yes i think all the processes are very simple and easy to understand.

5. no i did not.

6. No but i have seen my friends paying for sites.
Chrome 13 (Windows)
Review time: 4 mins, 46 secs
19 1. Does the copy on this site make you want to do business with us? (ignoring the design) Yes, I like the fact that you have testimonials right on the front page. It makes the site more trustworthy.

2. If you wanted to get a website online for your business does the copy on this site make you feel comfortable that we'd be able to deliver? Yes, definitely, I would feel good about it. I would want to see the live screen shots of some of the websites to be sure that the style and layout is what I am looking for in a designer. But overall the fact that you have a lot of information for me to read on the first page make it very useful.

3. Do you think that the information on this site is organised such that you are able to find out what you need in order to make a purchasing decision? I really, really like the "Process" tab. This page really hits a home run for me. It tells me in very simple terms, what others have done in building sites (the bad way) and then how you do the websites differently. Very friendly language.

4. Once you have made a purchasing decision is it clear how to act and what will happen when you do? Between the Pricing tab which I checked out for pricing...by the way one price fits all is pretty good. No guess work on which tier level of service I am getting. And then move onto the Sign up page where you further let me know that someone will be contacting me very soon to set up my website. That is emphasizing good customer service. Very nicely done.

5. Have you ever built a website before yourself? Yes, but not completely manually. Some automation with templates involved.

6. Have you ever paid someone else to build a website on your behalf? Yes a couple of times at the beginning. But that was years ago with coding was difficult.
Chrome 13 (Windows)
Review time: 0 mins, 25 secs
20 1. Not really. It was rather bland and unprofessional looking, to me.
2. No, because the website advertising the service of creating websites was plain, and I would then assume that I would be paying for a boring, plain website design. Why wouldn't these people put more into their own website if that is what they do? It felt lazy.
3. I have seen better, however it wasn't necessarily hard to navigate, but it also didn't draw me in.
4. Again, it was fairly clear...and plain. But yes, it was easy to understand, even for a layman.
5. No, I haven't.
6. No, I do not own my own business, therefore I do not have a reason to have my own website.
Chrome 13 (Windows)
Review time: 0 mins, 8 secs
21 1.no
2.no I don't feel so.
3.no it don't makes.
4.yes its clear.
5.no
6.yes I have paid.
Chrome 13 (Windows)
Review time: 5 mins, 32 secs
22 1. Yes.
2. Yes.
3. Yes.
4. Yes. it is clear.
5. No.
6. No.
Firefox 3 (Windows)
Review time: 3 mins, 41 secs
23 1. Yes it does make me want to do business with you because the opening is very well written and definitely causes me to take action.
2. I would feel comfortable to do business with your company because your website shows how credible you are at what you do as the testimonials definitely strengthen that motive. Though a better design of website can be achieved.
3. The information is organised very well. From the introduction to testimonials then to what decal customers would get with their website and finally the signing up and pricing.It easy to find out as to how to make a purchase.
5. Yes i have built a website before using wordpress.
6. No.
Firefox 6 (Windows)
Review time: 10 mins, 24 secs
24 1. Yes. The information provided meets most of the requirements.
2. Yes. The online demo option will help me out to know more about the work process.
3. Yes. It is clearly provided on this site.
4. Yes. The option "Click here to get started right now" helps me to know how to act and what will happen when I do.
5. I am having a domain name "www.highreachcareer.com", but haven't developed it.
6. Yes. But it is still pending with the developer.
Chrome 12 (Windows)
Review time: 5 mins, 48 secs
25 1. Certainly.The information are accurate and it give trust worthy.

2. Yes,the information is comfortable.

3. Yes,The information are arranged in a orderly manner.

4. Yes,it is clear.

5. Yes, By using http://www.webs.com/

6. No,I have made myself.
Chrome 13 (Windows)
Review time: 0 mins, 7 secs
26 1. Yes, I am ready to business with you.

2. Yes, I am sure that you'll deliver me the site.

3. It is organized.

4. I don't know that how to act but I know that it will help improving my business.

5. No, I have not.

6. Yes, I have paid once.
Firefox 3.6 (Windows)
Review time: 0 mins, 4 secs
27 1.Yes
2.Yes
3.Yes
4.Call to you but this time no contact number are avail.
5.No
6.No
Mozilla 1.9 (Windows)
Review time: 2 mins, 59 secs
28 1. Does the copy on this site make you want to do business with us? (ignoring the design)
Ans. yes, the site has some feature to make me a consideration to use it for my business.

2. If you wanted to get a website online for your business does the copy on this site make you feel comfortable that we'd be able to deliver?
Ans. Yes, this site makes me comfortabe to online my business.

3. Do you think that the information on this site is organised such that you are able to find out what you need in order to make a purchasing decision?
Ans. yes it has that information in it that makes one to order to make a purchase. Very much user friendly.

4. Once you have made a purchasing decision is it clear how to act and what will happen when you do?
Ans. Yes, it makes it very clear.

5. Have you ever built a website before yourself?
Ans.No I have not built a website on this much large scale.

6. Have you ever paid someone else to build a website on your behalf?
Ans. No, I have never paid anyone for designing a website for me.

Internet Explorer 8 (Windows)
Review time: 8 mins, 55 secs
29 1. I think I would. Things are very clearly put on. Better web design would help it too.
2. Yes I think so.
3. Yes it is well organised for sure.
4. Yeah everything is pretty much clear.
5. No I never did. But would like to build one.
6. No I hadn't.
Chrome 13 (Windows)
Review time: 0 mins, 3 secs
30 1. Yes. It seem like an easy way to start a webpage. If my grandmother can do it why no me :)

2. Yes. You have other clients so I'm sure you deliver.

3. It in the order I would look.

4. No I can't see that information in a fast look.

5. Yes. I have 3 websites. A successful one.

6. No.
Safari 5.1 (MacOS)
Review time: 6 mins, 50 secs
31 1 . Website designers are more in number and since this website is not without a home page name as well as not enough development, I will think twice to thrice before opening a business.

2 . The features as mentioned in this web site are enough to give a project but more development of the website has to be done.

3 . Not all information are in order. Only some like region of the user, inquiry numbers etc...are organized.

4 . Yes once it is purchased, it is clear on what next step is to be followed.

5 . Ya! I have built a single page using HTML and have embedded video too in that.

6 . No ! I haven't done that.
Firefox 5 (Windows)
Review time: 17 mins, 29 secs
32 1. Maybe, yes.

2. Comfortable.

3. Not totally organised.

4. No, it is not clear enough to follow.

5. No.

6. Yes, I have.
Internet Explorer 9 (Windows)
Review time: 2 mins, 9 secs
33 Ans 1: No the copy on this site didn't make me want to have business with you.

Ans 2: Honestly speaking the design of your site shows that you are not fully committed with your work. It has no attraction and also doesn't contain anything related about the site achievements. So, it is forcing me not to have business with you.

Ans 3: Yes i was able to find, it is well organised regarding to this thing but again the font of the site is very rude. So only one thing couldn't force me to make a purchase.

Ans 4: Yes this information is also clear and i didn't found any difficulty.

Ans 5: Yes, i have built a site free online and it is working properly.

Ans 6: No, i have never done this.

Might be this site is very good but the font style, the design of the site doesn't show anything attractive about your site.
Chrome 10 (Windows)
Review time: 8 mins, 57 secs
34 1.no,i don't want to do business with you.
2.i will be some what comfortable.
3.i do not think that the information on this site is organized.
4.i am not clear about how to act and i do not know what will happen.
5.yes,i have made website before.
6.no,i have never paid someone else to build a website on my behalf.
Firefox 6 (Windows)
Review time: 6 mins, 46 secs
35 1. Design aside, the words would make me curious to do business with you. Pricing would be the ultimate decision factor, as well as the final design of this site.

2. The words on the site convey confidence. I would trust you guys to build a nice website. Again, design aside.

3. The links at the top has all the information organized and easily accessible.

4. It is not totally clear, since you have to call in order to find out the pricing information. Aside from that, everything is clear.

5. I have built a couple websites before.

6. I have never paid someone to build a website for me.
Firefox 6 (Windows)
Review time: 4 mins, 17 secs
36 1. No, I like the approach but some title sentences were too colloquial and didn't make the impression of a serious business. Like, under philosophy: "Since we created Decal, building awesome websites for people just like you is like eating ice cream made out of rainbows". Awesome is too colloquial a word, and what about the ice cream and rainbow stuff? Doesn't convince me.

2. With a serious design, why not!

3. Yes, absolutely. The bar at the top is great.

4. Well, kind of. But what is that " A team of ninjas will swing through your window within 1 hour to get started building you a totally radical website" Not cool, not convincing. Just say something like "We will get back to you as soon as possible and create your unique website". Or something like that...

5. Yes, but it was really simple and I was 12 then.

6. No, but if I ever have a business in the future, I will hire people to create one.
Chrome 13 (Windows)
Review time: 10 mins, 58 secs
37 1. Not really. I'm put-off by the very casual manner and tone of the copy. It doesn't seem sufficiently serious and business-like to me. A touch of levity catches my attention, but I think it should do just that: catch it, and then move on to a more measured and straight-forward tone.
2. Again, based strictly on this website, if I were searching for someone to develop a business website, I'd think twice about this firm.
3. SEO should be defined.
4. Yes. Promise of response time "we'll answer your inquiry in 24 hours", etc. would be reassuring.
5. Yes
6. Personally, no. My firm (20 member physician group) has.
Chrome 13 (Windows)
Review time: 9 mins, 39 secs
38 1. Yes, the copy on this site is encouraging me to do business with you.
2. Yes, the copy on this site is making me comfortable that you can deliver.
3. Yes, the information on this site is well organized to make a purchasing decision.
4. Yes, it is very clear about how to act and what will happen when I had made a purchasing decision.
5. Yes, I have built a website before.
6. No, I haven't paid anyone to build website on my behalf.
Internet Explorer 8 (Windows)
180.215.138.192
39 1. Ignoring the design, which is quite boring by the way considering that you specialize in making websites, Yes. Upon entering the site, the childish statements makes it intriguing and fun and would give the notion that the finished product wouldn't be boring.

2. Yes, I'd be confident that this site can deliver what they promise to. Basing on the sample sites that they've created, I'd say that I would definitely consider this site to be the one to make my website.

3. Yes, the site is pretty easy to navigate. There's the Pricing tab, or you could click on the "Get Started" line to start making the purchasing decision.

4. Well, I tried entering a fake name and fake email address on the "Tell Us About You" page, and the response was that they'd be in touch in an hour. It isn't clear how they will get in touch with me. Are they going to email me? Call me? Skype/IM me? It may be obvious (since they asked for the email) but it still should've been specified there how they will be able to contact the customer.

5. No, I have not tried building my own website. I have no intricate knowledge on the world of HTML and Java and whatnots.

6. No, I have not tried paying someone to build me a website, either. If I were to build a website, I would ask some friends of mine who work as web developers to help me.
Chrome 13 (Windows)
Review time: 6 mins, 8 secs
40 1. i like your logo better than the other i reviewed earlier, so it would make me curious.
2. the fact that it is not finished makes me unsure that you can deliver (at this particular moment).
3. yes, i like the examples and the other sections. they look ok.
4. yes, just click on 'Click here to find out more', and then follow the steps.
5. no i did not.
6. yes, i contracted a website designer to do a site for my former employer.
Firefox 6 (Windows)
Review time: 3 mins, 4 secs
41 1 No, i need more sophisticated details. Bulleted points stating what kinds of sites, and how it would bee of help will help me.

2 The site copy ignoring the design for now would make me only a little comfortable.

3 Yes, the details are well organised and easy to find.

4 Yes i will fill in the form and your team will get back within an hour.

5 Yes 5 years back my personal website which was a simple one with about 25-30 pages.

6 Yes for business purposes.
Chrome 13 (Windows)
Review time: 3 mins, 58 secs
42 The copy on the website does make me want to do business with the site although i have no interest in website design or production the site has customer testimonials on it this attracts and adds authenticity to the website there is a clear enquiry form which generates a phone call by one of the websites employees to discuss clients needs etc
After viewing everything on the website it is very clear how to proceed
Firefox 6 (Windows)
Review time: 10 mins, 38 secs
43 1.No I don't want to business with your site.

2.No the site is not comfortable as the presentation is scattered and has no proper sequence.On the whole it lacks professionalism.

3.The information on this site is not organised so that I am not able to find out what I need in order to make a purchasing decision.

4.Yes it can be done through "Get started right now".

5.Yes,I have built a website before.

6.No not yet.
Chrome 13 (Windows)
Review time: 10 mins, 33 secs
44 1] No, because there are no proper customer feedbacks and copyrights of the services provided and the thumbnails of already developed websites cannot be viewed.

2] Will consider if I get proper response from the developer but not comfortable to do business directly just by looking at the website.

3] Even though the informations are available it is not located in a user friendly way because of design issues.

4]Yes you will try contacting the customer based on the information provided.

5] Yes

6] No

Internet Explorer 8 (Windows)
Review time: 5 mins, 11 secs
45 1.Yes,it does.
2.Yes,the copy of the site does it.
3.Yes,the information on this site is organised which can make anyone feel comfortable to deal with it.
4.Yes, it is clear to make a purchasing decision on this site. I need to click on the sign up button and furnish the details and a team of ninjas will swing through my window within 1 hour to get started in building up my desired website.
5.No, I didn't.
6.No, I didn't.
Firefox 1.5 (Windows)
Review time: 11 mins, 27 secs
46 1. yes, it's good, but you can make it more live.
2. Yes, an improved version may satisfy my needs.
3. the arrangement of information seems to be a bit complicated.
4. NO, I am a bit confused about that.
5. No, I haven't built nay sites for me before.
6. No, I haven't ever paid anyone for a web site.
Firefox 3.6 (Windows)
Review time: 10 mins, 40 secs
47
1) By seeing the content of the site, I would say that the chance for me to do a business with you is 25%.

2) The purpose of this site is clear but the method by which you offer services and some real-time testimonials are missing. This increases the chances of making a deal.

3) No, with respect to formatting, the rating would be poor. Latest site designs with more interactive features like flash, video and polling may be used. Client details should be placed in home page. This adds trust to the site.

4) Since I am familiar with web based sign-up processes, I am pretty clear about the pricing and other procedures. But for newbies, some info or demo on the purchasing need to be included.

5) Yes. I used to design simple websites with Marquee and some flash banners.

6) Yes. I have purchased web space under education domain. The pricing was decent and the services they offered include a powerful admin control panel.
Chrome 6 (Windows)
Review time: 17 mins, 8 secs
48 1. Sure this copy makes me willing to do work with you.
2.Yes i need some websites online for my business and it makes me feel free.
3. Sure i able to find to make purchase.
4.Not sure but somewhat it makes me .
to take decision.
5.No.
6.No.
Firefox 6 (Windows)
Review time: 8 mins, 15 secs
49 1. No.
2. Yes.
3. No.
4. No.
5. Yes.
6. Yes.
Chrome 13 (Windows)
Review time: 2 mins, 54 secs
50 1. Does the copy on this site make you want to do business with us? (ignoring the design)

Not really. The text sounds friendly but not professional. I don't like the use of the slang.

2. If you wanted to get a website online for your business does the copy on this site make you feel comfortable that we'd be able to deliver?

Maybe. There are no typo and the copy is proper English so I'm confident that you at least put some thought into it and the website is legit. Yet it sounds amateurish.

3. Do you think that the information on this site is organised such that you are able to find out what you need in order to make a purchasing decision?

Yes. The information is well-structured: the intro, the presentation, the testimony and the technical details. I like that!

4. Once you have made a purchasing decision is it clear how to act and what will happen when you do?

Yes. I like the straightforward form people have to fill in, and the fact someone will contact them. It's very reassuring for customers.

5. Have you ever built a website before yourself?

Yes, I have. I built my own website on WordPress.org. I'm not a professional though.

6. Have you ever paid someone else to build a website on your behalf?

No, never.
Firefox 6 (Windows)
Review time: 4 mins, 4 secs

