1. Yes, the copy on this site makes me want to do business with you because I think it is a reliable website for that.

2. I do not feel so much comfortable that you would be able to deliver because it makes me little bit confusing but I think you can.

3. No, I think the website is not organized so effectively and i think it is difficult to find out what I need to purchase.

4. Yes, it is clear because in this website this process is fully clarified.

5. I tried myself to built a website only once and I really worked hard on it.

6. No, I never paid someone else to build a website.
Firefox 5 (Windows)
Review time: 12 mins, 6 secs
3 1. Yes, the copy on this site creates eagerness in me to do business with this website people.

2. Somewhat i agree with this, because the copy are very good, but we need to modify something according to our job. But apart from that i like the copy very much.

3. The menus are placed good, but website looks like an ordinary one and it is hard to find to navigate, because it is not arranged in good manner.

4. Yes, it is very clear how to act and what else will do if it will happen also.

5. No,but i have tried to provide the service using simple format but it is for only intranet users.

6. No, i didn't paid anyone to build a website for me.
Firefox 3.6 (Windows)
Review time: 7 mins, 41 secs
4 1. I think that the site looks reputable enough that I would be willing to give your business a shot. Even though I haven't previously heard of it, everything is well-written and very professional sounding.

2. Yes, I think that if I decided to pay for your services, I feel confident that you would hold up all of the promises that you make on your website. I tend to find that for smaller companies, the support and service is better than for larger companies, so I would feel good about using your services.

3. With the "Get started right now" button, this makes everything very simple. I instantly know how to begin buying a service.

4. With the "process" and "pricing" buttons, it is easy to find out how everything works.

5. Yes, I have built a personal website before.

6. No, I have never paid for a website to be built for me.
Chrome 13 (MacOS)
Review time: 7 mins, 2 secs
5 1.No Iam not interested in doing a business with them.

2.Yes,The copy on the site made me feel comfortable to get a website online for my business.

3.Yes,i feel that the information on this site is organised and now Iam in a position for a purchasing decision.

4.Before having an idea of purchasing decision in my mind,I will consult my friends and others so that it is clear to act after making a purchasing decision.

5.No, I never a built a website of myself.

6.No,I never paid someone else to build a website for me.
Chrome 13 (Windows)
Review time: 19 mins, 59 secs
6 1.Yes ofcourse it makes me to do business wih you
2.No.I dont feel confortable in this website.There is nothing highlighted as flashing messages here.
3.No.I dont feel the information are organised
4.Yes,it is clear about the rest of the things
5.Yes,I have paid to build a website on my behalf
Internet Explorer 9 (Windows)
Review time: 2 mins, 37 secs
7 Answer 1: No, as i can get these services at a cheaper rate, i am not interested.

Answer 2: Yes, but the site design is pretty poor, the fonts are not good at all.

Answer 3: It confused me a lot, the first thing you should have is a an organized site. The blue font links here and there is very irritating and it tends to confuse a lot.

Answer 4: No, not at all. It is difficult to get an idea about what actually is going on.

Answer 5: Yes.

Answer 6: Yes.
Firefox 6 (Windows)
Review time: 8 mins, 57 secs
8 1. yes , the copy on this site make me to want do business with you.

2. no , the copy is not so good , but i am confident that you will be able to deliver a website for my business...

3. yes, the information is very well organised and i know what i have to do inorder to purchase .....

4. yes it is very much clear about all the aspects...

5. no i havent built a website ...because i dont know how to built a website.

6. yes, i paid someone inorder to build a website on my behalf..
Safari 5.1 (Windows)
Review time: 7 mins, 51 secs
9 1. yes, the copy is very well written, inspiring, very easy to read, comprehensive, explaining all benefits and the process from the very beginning
2. yes it does make me comfortable
3. yes it's organized well. I like that there are links to the inside pages from the home page main content. Note: at bottom of home 'free web hosting' is repeated in the bullets
4. Yes it's clear. You sign up and they contact you in 1h. I didn't see however when do you pay? This is important - whether in installments, etc
5. Yes, multiple ones, using a couple different website creators - wordpress and sitekreator
6. No because I have website creating experience and don't need help. I've read other website creator webpage copy, and this one is very good!
Internet Explorer 8 (Windows)
10 1. It's hard to answer this question. The whole reason anyone would want to look at a site like this is to see your work. The layout of the text is fine, but without examples, I cannot honestly say I would do business with this company.

2. No, this site does not offer any evidence to support that the quality of the site would be up to my standards.

3. Yes, the information the site is well organized and easy to find.

4. Yes, the steps and information given are clear on how actions will be performed after purchase.

5. Yes, I have built a website for myself.

6. No, I have never payed someone to build a website for me.
Firefox 5 (MacOS)
Review time: 5 mins, 57 secs
11 1.Yes it attracts me and i will want to do business with this site.
2.Yes this site is trustworthy and if i need any website for my business i will contact with this site.
3.Yes the information is is organized but it should be make more organized by giving more details.
4.Yes i know this link gives me guideline to purchase and i think they will deliver immediately.
5.Yes i have a website of my own before but it is not business site.
6.No i had never paid before for my website.
Firefox 6 (Windows)
Review time: 0 mins, 7 secs
12 1. No, the copy on this website is not too appealing for a new client.
2. No, I am not comfortable with the copy on this website.I think most of the new clients will not be comfortable with the copy.
3. Yes, Contents of this website is well organised and it is very easy to understand for a new client.
4. Yes, it is very clearly described on the website what a client should do in order to purchase your services.
5. No, I have never built a website myself.
6. No, I have never paid anyone else to build a website for me.
Chrome 13 (Windows)
Review time: 0 mins, 17 secs
13 1. If I was in need of a website, it would be one of the options I'd conisder.

2. Yes

3. Yes, there is a bit more information on your site than similar sites to find out more about the process, which is something positive.

4. Yes

5. Yes

6. No
Firefox 6 (Windows)
Review time: 0 mins, 3 secs
14 1. Yes.
2. Yes, the content is inviting as well as reassuring.
3. Yes. Navigation is easy and clear.
4. Yes, the instructions are clear.
5. Yes, my first website.
6. Yes, after my first attempt at the site was not so satisfying, i got it done by a pro.
Firefox 3.5 (Windows)
15 1. Does the copy on this site make you want to do business with us? (ignoring the design)
A. The first impression of this site does not compel a user to make a business with you. However, the websites that you have created for your clients give a positive impression and so I would like to do a business with you.

2. If you wanted to get a website online for your business does the copy on this site make you feel comfortable that we'd be able to deliver?
A. Yes, the copy of your clients websites that you have created delivers your ability and capability in the field. All these websites are very impressive and are of esteemed organizations, so this makes me feel comfortable to do business with you and assure that you will deliver your best.

3. Do you think that the information on this site is organised such that you are able to find out what you need in order to make a purchasing decision?
A. The site is lacking in this aspect. The information regarding contact us, the email address, phone numbers etc are not available. If someone wishes to contact you apart from your inquiry form, this information is not available. Also, the background of this company, the whereabouts, the team etc is also not mentioned.

4. Once you have made a purchasing decision is it clear how to act and what will happen when you do?
A. Though it is not clear at first, later on by passing through a tedious phase of 'click here to get started now' and entering various information, a user understands about taking steps to purchase.

5. Have you ever built a website before yourself?
A. No. I have not built a website myself, however I have the basic HTML and DHTML knowledge to build a website.

6. Have you ever paid someone else to build a website on your behalf?
A. No. I have never paid anyone else to build a website for my behalf.
Firefox 3.6 (Windows)
Review time: 24 mins, 56 secs
16 1. Does the copy on this site make you want to do business with us? (ignoring the design)

Well leaving the design , the message and the info is good . Yes makes me want to order a website from this site .

2. If you wanted to get a website online for your business does the copy on this site make you feel comfortable that we'd be able to deliver?

Yes I am pretty much sure that this website will get my job done pretty fast

3. Do you think that the information on this site is organised such that you are able to find out what you need in order to make a purchasing decision?

Yes data and info is organised and easy to find and read

4. Once you have made a purchasing decision is it clear how to act and what will happen when you do?

Yes its clear because of the info provided on the site

5. Have you ever built a website before yourself?

Yes one http://swadeshsupermarket.com/

6. Have you ever paid someone else to build a website on your behalf?

No but had got paid $100 for the above mentioned site




Firefox 6 (Windows)
Review time: 8 mins, 37 secs
17 1. yes it does
2. yes, the cotent on the website is enough to make me feel comfortable
3. yes information is easy to find
4. hmmm.. couldn't comprehend the question
5. no i have not.
6. yes i have
Internet Explorer 8 (Windows)
Review time: 7 mins, 58 secs
18 1. Yes,Certainly.

2. Yes,This site make me feel comfortable.

3. Yes,The information are organised in a well manner.

4. Yes,It is clear.

5. Yes,By using http://www.webs.com/

6. No.
Chrome 13 (Windows)
Review time: 0 mins, 7 secs
19 1. Yes
2. Yes
3. Yes
4. Yes
5. Yes
6. No
Firefox 6 (Windows)
Review time: 1 mins, 58 secs
20 1. Except the design of the homepage you can find all the options to find the information to do the business.
2. Yes.
3. Yes.
4. Yes. "Click here to get started right now" option on the homepage takes me further with details.
5. I had taken a domain name but it is not yet designed.
6. Yes. But the work still it is not completed.
Chrome 12 (Windows)
Review time: 5 mins, 48 secs
21 1. Yes, the copy is very informative. The testimonies from other companies is a nice touch, and makes the site easy to trust.

2. I would definitely consider using this site to design my webpage and get it online, there are lots of companies out there that do this though so there would have to be one unique feature to make it stand out.

3. Yes, the tabs are all set out very well. The site as a whole looks very easy to navigate.

4. Yes, you sign up and then contact them directly.

5. No

6. No
Safari 5 (Windows)
Review time: 8 mins, 7 secs
22 1.yes it made me to do business with it as the explanations provided are satisfactory and trustworthy.
2.yes it was convincing as the offers and services provided are worthy.
3.Yes the homepage was more descriptive and gave all the explanations needed in a clear manner.
4.Yes the points are been made clear in the explanations and it increases the revenues as expected.
5.Yes i have built a picture sharing website.
6.yes i did and the website came out successfully.
Chrome 13 (Windows)
Review time: 5 mins, 5 secs
23 1. Yes, Its a website designing site, Logo design and branding, SEO/SEM consulting and advice

2. No. I don't think its a better option to go with

3. No. I don't think there is much explanation or information, maintaining servers details or discounts or different packages, etc.

4. No. I don't see any where Purchase option, I hope i need to mail and process it.

5. Yes, I designed and built many.

6. Yes, I did before i started building my own.
Chrome 13 (Windows)
Review time: 0 mins, 8 secs
24 1. yes sure
2. yes i trust you can
3. yes sure
4. yes it is very clear and we can get a good website
5. no i have not
6. yes i have paid to built a website
Internet Explorer 8 (Windows)
Review time: 5 mins, 42 secs
25 1) Yes the information provided in the website would make the customer feel satisfied doing business with you .

2) Yes you have the capabilities to deliver.

3) It is organized but would like to see the web page more colorful .

4) I am not clear what the next step would be after making a decision.

5) No

6) No
Firefox 3.6 (Windows)
Review time: 10 mins, 48 secs
26 1)Yes
2)Yes,I think it's nice.
3)Yes(Click on Pricing tab and then click on link "Click here to get started now".)

4)Yes on clicking the above link a form needs to be filled and they will contact back.

5)Yes,I am a web developer.

6)No.
Firefox 3.6 (Windows)
Review time: 11 mins, 41 secs
27 The site looks very plain, not attractive.
I would be comfortable to get the website online for my business.
The website looks organised and was able to find information.
The information provided is very clear and easy to follow. The fonts used are also easily readable.
Have never built a website on my own and have never paid for it.
Internet Explorer 8 (Windows)
Review time: 10 mins, 46 secs
28 1..Definitely I want to make business with you. Because you have a good reputation.

2..The case studies given gave me a confidence to make business with you.

3..The site gives all necessary details. So it is easy to make a purchasing decision.

4..The details given are very clear. So it is easy to proceed with the purchase.

5..I did not so far built a website. Now I have a good temptation to build a
website.

6..I did not so far pay anybody to build a website on my behalf. Now I am strongly
thinking about building a website on my behalf.

Thanking
Firefox 6 (Windows)
Review time: 19 mins, 27 secs
29 1.Yes, surely this site makes me want to do business with you.
2.No, this site does not make me feel comfortable that you'd be able to deliver.
3.Yes definetely the information on this site is organised such that we are able to find out what we need in order to make a purchasing decision.
4.Yes,It is clear when we have made a purchasing decision.
5.No, I have never built a website before myself.
6.No, I have never paid someone else to build a website on my behalf.
Chrome 13 (Windows)
Review time: 14 mins, 18 secs
30 1.yes.
2.it is comfortable.
3.yes.but much more information is needed.
4.no little bit confusing.
5.yeah.
6.no.
Firefox 6 (Windows)
Review time: 3 mins, 33 secs
31 1. No. The business doesn't seem 'professional' judging by the site. It doesn't provide a serious image of a company that really wants to invite internet surfers to a real investment. Creating websites is a major business and if the image of the site does not say 'we are pro's' nothing says it.

2. I might use your service if it were the cheapest there is. I would suggest to work more on the design of the site. If the site is appealing there would be more clients that will say 'yes, I want my site to look as professional as this one. I trust them. And it's worth the money.'

3. In some way, yes, all the information needed is there but it is not organised in such way. The site needs a main menu. I am always very organised and when I search for something in particular I want to find it quickly. The blog is a very good idea but it needs a forum too.

4. Yes. This information might be helpful to be posted on the homepage.

5. No, I never built a website.

6. No, but I'd be willing to do so if I wanted my business to be in top.
Chrome 13 (Windows)
Review time: 20 mins, 40 secs
32 1. Maybe.

2. It doesn't totally feel comfortable.

3. No it is not, it is very confusing and unorganized.

4. No it is not clear at all.

5. Yes, I have.

6. Yes, I have.
Internet Explorer 9 (Windows)
Review time: 19 mins, 25 secs
33 1. I think its a very difficult question to answer for a site like this because it depends on individual capabilities to trust others and i think i will not go for this site unless i can see the designs and skills of the company.

2. I think i was unable to see the sample designs on this website because they are not visible so i cannot decide without looking at how well they design a website.

3. Yes i think from the organising point of view the site looks professional and i think every thing is in order and easy to understand and yes i think the information is organised in a good way.

4. Yes its easy!

5. no i did not
6.No but i have seen my friends paying for a website.
Chrome 13 (Windows)
Review time: 4 mins, 46 secs
34 1. Yes, it engaged me from the moment I entered the site.
2. Yes, the links to websites with your designs looked professional and creative.
3. Yes, it was easy to navigate, along with easy links to open.
4. Yes, it all seemed to be set up for ease of business.
5. No, it seemed too difficult!
6. No, but you people may be the ones to go to!
Chrome 13 (Windows)
Review time: 0 mins, 8 secs
35 1. No, it doesn't.
2. No, it doesn't make me feel comfortable that you would be able to deliver.
3. Yes, I am able to find out what I need in order to make a purchasing decision, but you could organize the site better.
4. Yes, it is perfectly clear.
5. I have built 2 websites before.
6. No, I haven't paid someone to build a website for me.
Firefox 3.6 (Windows)
Review time: 7 mins, 20 secs
36 1. No, the copy on this site does not make me want to do business with you because it needs to be more polished. A plain black and white website with blue links won't cut it (why aren't the images showing?). You need to work more on the design.

2. No, like I said, it needs a lot of improvement in terms of design, but do not make it too cheesy. Just make it like a standard modern website. The lack of quality in the designs leads me to believe that this is some sort of scam and makes me uninterested in learning more on what you have to offer.

3. Yes, the information on the site is fairly organized and straight forward.

4. In my case it is pretty clear for me to see what I have to do next since I have built some websites myself. Perhaps a little more clarification is helpful for newcomers.

5. Yes, I have built like 4 websites; all of which I stopped running because of server costs.

6. No, I have never paid someone else to build a website on my behalf, but I could see many other people interested in it.
Firefox 6 (Windows)
Review time: 9 mins, 46 secs
37 1. No I don't feel so.
2.It does not feel comfortable .
3.A little bit .
4.Yes it is clear.
5.No I have never built.
6.Yes I have paid.
Chrome 13 (Windows)
Review time: 5 mins, 32 secs
38 Does the copy on this site make you want to do business with us? (ignoring the design)
Ans. No, its not eye catching and not much details are being provided, so at thefirst instance my answer is no.

2. If you wanted to get a website online for your business does the copy on this site make you feel comfortable that we'd be able to deliver?
Ans. May be. If i can do a little bit make over on this site the i can make my mind to do so.

3. Do you think that the information on this site is organised such that you are able to find out what you need in order to make a purchasing decision?
Ans. yes but little bit ambiguity is still the which needs to be worked on.

4. Once you have made a purchasing decision is it clear how to act and what will happen when you do?
Ans. Not really, i m still confussed regarding this concern.

5. Have you ever built a website before yourself?
Ans. Not exactly, A little bit web designing I have done but not at this scale.

6. Have you ever paid someone else to build a website on your behalf?
Ans. No, I have not paid any person for a website design.
Internet Explorer 8 (Windows)
Review time: 8 mins, 55 secs
39 1. yes it seems a good site for shopping and make one plans to do business.
2. yes quite okay , as i already said it is a good site and easy to understand.
3. yes information is provided in good manner and one gets attracted for purchasing.
4. yes this website clears at every point how to make a website
5. no
6. no
Opera 9.8 (Windows)
Review time: 7 mins, 56 secs
40 1. Yes, it makes me.
2. Yes, it makes me comfortable.
3. Yes, I think so.
4. Yes, it is clearly readable to what to do next.
5. No. I am not expert in that area.
6. No. There was no need as i am a house wife.
Firefox 3 (Windows)
Review time: 3 mins, 41 secs
41 1. Honestly, i didn't get "Does the copy on this site" mean. I may do business with you, If your CMS is so different and customizable. Lot of open source CMS available in the market today.

2. No, I think the web hosting became so cheap and the domain registration So everybody want his own and his own control panels.

3. Sorry for the above comment. I found every information i need to start with and ordering and purchasing. I thing there should be some link on the top of the page also. i mean on menu.

4. Yes, i believe the contact informations were taken and logo with brief contents were asked. with this you will be returning with a demo.

5. yes. couple of sites. customized some CMS.

6. Yes. mean i am not good at graphics or art so i went to someone and paid.
Opera 9.8 (Windows)
Review time: 23 mins, 30 secs
42 1. Yes, I am interested in doing business with it.

2. I think you can include every aspect that can help my business.

3. It is really organized.

4. I guess I will be able to use it directly.

5. No, I have not.

6. Yes, I have paid once.
Firefox 3.6 (Windows)
Review time: 0 mins, 4 secs
43 Yes.. We can start off. But if the homepage design should be changed i.e. some attractive background pics so that it will reach people very soon.

Yes.. Contents are desirable. Make sure the fonts size should be reduced.

Yes.. Hyperlinks should be in organised.

Yes..

Yes.. I tried it once from webs.com website.

No :(
Chrome 13 (Windows)
Review time: 3 mins, 25 secs
44 1.Yes
2.Yes
3.Yes
4.contact to you but their are no phone number
5.No
6.No
Mozilla 1.9 (Windows)
Review time: 2 mins, 59 secs
45 1. Yes, it does.

2. Yes, it does, details provided on site makes me feel that they're professional.

3. Yes, it is.

4. Yes, it is clearly mentioned.

5. No.

6. No.
Chrome 5 (Windows)
117.207.4.175
46 1. Yes, i like to do business with you.

2. Yeah, this has a variety of features and you are proving free domain registration for one year. I am feeling very comfortable with this website.

3. This site looks very very simple. You need to include more information such as pictures and videos about the site.

4. No, the purchasing decisions are a bit confusing for me.

5. No, i have never built a website by my own.

6. Yes, i have paid 120$ to get my website built.
Chrome 13 (Windows)
Review time: 7 mins, 16 secs
47 1. Yes, Copy on this site makes me to do business with you.
2. Yes, I would like to get a website online for my business and I feel more comfortable.
3. Yes, information on this site is organised.
4. Yes, it is very clear to act when purchasing decision is made.
5. No, I haven't built a website before.
6. No, I haven't paid someone else to build a website on my behalf.
Firefox 3.6 (Windows)
Review time: 3 mins, 34 secs
48 1. As it stands, the current web home page would actually seriously put me off from doing business. There are issues with the design, but these are not relevant and the major issue is the site snapshots provided. At present, these are shown as plain grey blocks with the words "Click to Enlarge" written into them - however, in addition to there being no pictures, clicking does not do anything at all.

This functional issue would give me considerable concern on two fronts. First that the service can't do what it claims and second that the claimed recent sites may not in fact exist!

2. As a result of the issues noted above the site would give me very considerable reason to doubt that the service is capable of delivering on its promises. It seems to me that this needs to be addressed urgently since whatever else is said a failure to provide claimed examples of work does not cast the site in a good light.

3.In general, the structure of the site seems a little over-complex but does give access to all the information that might be needed to decide for or against a purchase. I do wonder though if some of the information pages might be better if combined so that more information is more easily available to users.

4. That all said though, it does seem easy to sign up for the service although it is not clear how the final agreement for services is to be made. From what is available it appears it would be by email but this is not made clear and really should be.

5. I have built many websites for my own use and for commercial uses.

6. I have never paid anyone else to build a website on my behalf.
Firefox 6 (Windows)
Review time: 9 mins, 22 secs
49 1. Not really. The way you build the site is not dynamic, it appear to be static, not evolving.
2. No. I prefer a website with more energy and rythm.
3. I'm not sure. I prefer a website who is more intuitive.
4. No. Too much text. You have to go staight to the point.
5. Yes. I have use some CMS to do it.
6. Yes. Without any success, I prefer to do it myself.
Firefox 6 (Windows)
Review time: 5 mins, 48 secs
50 1. It's a bit too in your face, the approach on your Blog is actually better
2. Yes but only after looking at your Blog. You should have links to clients on there like on the Blog
3. Yes
4. Yes, although maybe the phone number would make you think that the company only serves a certain country not the world
5. Yes
6. No
Safari 5.1 (MacOS)
Review time: 6 mins, 5 secs

