1) YES the content displayed on the website seems to be interesting.

2) With your proposed ideas and the previous experimentation i feel you would be able to deliver .

3) Yes the information on the website is arranged properly. Its orientation and presentation , the amount of facts given is enough for a person to understand .

4) Not exactly clear about the further events.

5) No

6) No
Firefox 3.6 (Windows)
Review time: 10 mins, 48 secs
2 1. Yes, the copies provided in the website are looking very cool but while considering the stuff it is not satisfying that much. But it is an sample one so it is enough.

2. Yes, i feel comfortable with the copy provided in this website. But if you people added more animations and graphical designs according to the customer perception means it will be more helpful.
* The copy of template provided http://www.tapit.com.au/ is looks very cool and simple.
* This copy is more simple than previous http://www.sandwalker.com.au/

3. No when i go through with the website the menus are good. But the contents are not organized well and it is confusing a lot.
* The fonts are high
* No graphical or animations design

4. Yes, it is very clear that how to act and what will happen when we made the purchasing decision.

5. No , i didn't any website for general purpose on internet, but i am using blogger.
And also i created the ADO. Net Webservice.

6. No , i didn't pay anyone for building an website for me.
Firefox 3.6 (Windows)
Review time: 7 mins, 41 secs
3 1. Yes definitely the copy of the site Decal CMS makes a customer think on doing business with you. The details given under "With every Decal website you get" is attractive.
2. Yes the copy of the site definitely makes me comfortable in getting confidence that you will be able to deliver as per my requirements.
3. The information and steps are organized in pretty good way so as to find out what has to be followed to make a purchase.
4. Yes under the pricing selection it give the details of cost and once you go to Click here to get started the link takes us to page where we are supposed to fill in few of our details.
5. No I have never built a website for myself.
6. No I have never paid someone else to build a website on my behalf.
Internet Explorer 8 (Windows)
Review time: 4 mins, 58 secs
4 1. yes , this site makes me want to do business with you.

2. no, the copy of this website is not so good but i hope you will able to improve in near future.

3. yes, the information is very well organaised , so i can able to find what i havee to do inorder to make a purchase decision.

4. yes,it is very much clear, and i know what it will be....

5. yes, i paid someone else to built a website on my behalf....

Safari 5.1 (Windows)
Review time: 7 mins, 51 secs
5 1. Yes, the copy makes me think the websites you design will be intuitive and reinforce my business.
2. Yes, your copy is professional and free of errors.
3. Yes, your menu links at the top lay out the information clearly.
4. Yes, it is clear that once I fill out the form, someone will contact me within an hour (I assume they will contact me via email) to begin designing the page.
5. No, I have never built a website by myself.
6. No, I have never paid someone to develop a website for me.
Internet Explorer 8 (Windows)
71.107.58.253
6 1. Absolutely, many people think the design of the site is the most important thing, but in my experience, the copy and sales pitch is what influences conversions the most. All the bells & whistles in the world are pointless without good sales copy.

2. Yes it does, it shows you have a good understanding of design and are focusing on not just the way the site looks, but the overall message the site is delivering.

3. Yes, there's a clear flow to the information, especially at the top, all the information you need is right there.

4. Sure is, click sign up, fill in the details and wait for you to contact the client within 1 hour, then once the details have been ironed out, the building process begins.

5. Yes, I have made many websites.

6. No, I've always made them myself.
Chrome 14 (Windows)
Review time: 8 mins, 3 secs
7 1. Yes, definitely the copy on this site makes me want to do business with this site as I love the concept of this site. This site provides me a really good opportunity to earn money.

2. According to the content given on this site, I surely believe that the copy on this site makes me feel comfortable that you can deliver me a good business website.

3. The navigation of this site is very easy and simple. All the information and content on this site is presented in an easily understandable manner so it makes easy for me to make a quick purchase decision.

4. Yes it is clear for me how to act after making a purchase decision. I went through the whole site very carefully and there is no ground for confusion.

5. No, I have never built a website myself before. This site is a very good platform to build my website.

6. No I have never paid someone else to build a website on my behalf.
Firefox 6 (Windows)
Review time: 1 mins, 54 secs
8 1. Yes, because i found the contents of the website very clear and easy to understand and it may help me to increase audience engagement.

2. Yes, I think so because I think this website is fully complete website for my business and i think you would be able to deliver.

3. Yes, I think that the information on this site is organized which help me able to find my need to make a purchasing.

4. Yes, because in the process section the details of the process of act after purchase are described very clearly and broadly.

5. Yes, I built a website before myself and I tried very hard to build my website.

6. No, I never paid, I used free website maker.
Firefox 5 (Windows)
Review time: 12 mins, 6 secs
9 1.Yes i am satisfied with this site and i will do business with this site.
2.Yes i am satisfied that it will deliver soon and if i had to make i will contact with this site.
3.Yes the information is organized but more information in detail is required.
4.Yes i am clear and i am also sure that it will deliver soon.
5.Yes i have a website before but it is not business site.
6.No not yet.
Firefox 6 (Windows)
Review time: 0 mins, 7 secs
10 1.Yes.The copy makes me want to do business.
2.Yes it is comfortable.
3.Yes the information is organised but it can be done better by putting lines.
4.No.I do not know.
5.I tried.but I cannot.
6.No
Firefox 5 (Windows)
Review time: 4 mins, 51 secs
11 1. No, the information on the home page is too vague and contains too much woolly management talk. At first glance, it wasn't even clear to me that the company built websites. Top of the site should contain something like "Decal is a company that ...".

2. No, the content is too vague and doesn't go into sufficient detail about the actual product, how it works, what it does, and which actual features are better than its competitors. For example, clicking on 'Process' sends you to a page with some very general comparison between the pros and cons of traditional an 'content first' design. There is no information at all about the exact process that is used to create such a site. No explanation, no schemas, just some very generic comparison. The title of that page is "Take control of your business online", but I'm not interested in taking control of my business, I clicked 'Process' because I want to find out what will actually happen to my website when I use the services offered here.

In general, the arguments that are used as selling points for Decal are too vague. Example: under 'Philosophy' I read "Decal enables us to create a website design that is optimized to reach your target audience and increase revenue for your business". Well, that's what all web designers and CMS developers say they do. You need to actually prove, with clear examples, that you are better at it than the competition.

3. Yes, the formal organization of the site is quite good. However, the content is too vague.

4. Yes. The application process was very transparent and clearly indicated at the top of the page template.

5. Yes.

6. No.
Firefox 4 (Windows)
Review time: 1 mins, 39 secs
12 1. No, the copy on this website is not appealing for a new user.
2. No, as a new client I am not comfortable with the copy on this website.I think most of the new users will be uncomfortable with the copy on this website.
3. Yes, the contents on this website is well organised.Any user of this website can make an easy decision.
4. Yes, for new user it is very easy to understand how to purchase your services and what will happen after doing so.
5. No, I have never built a website before.
6. No, I have never paid anyone to build a website for me.
Chrome 13 (Windows)
Review time: 0 mins, 17 secs
13 1.Does the copy on this site make you want to do business with us? (ignoring the design)
A. Yes, on seeing the past work you performed then definitely yes, though website lacks few important features like email address, contact numbers on website.

2. If you wanted to get a website online for your business does the copy on this site make you feel comfortable that we'd be able to deliver?
A. On seeing the above site, user may not be confident enough that you would be able to deliver what user requires, however if user visits your website you have developed so far then user can get confidence that you would be able to deliver. Hence this website requires proper showcase on home page so that user gets confidence to deal with you.

3. Do you think that the information on this site is organised such that you are able to find out what you need in order to make a purchasing decision?
A. This website is partially organized, however it requires more information to be published on the site like Contact number, Email address where user can drop a mail, even site thumbnails are not available as well

4. Once you have made a purchasing decision is it clear how to act and what will happen when you do?
A. On making a purchase decision this website does not give a clear picture, it is not having an option to buy it online or neither it does have a contact number to talk to executives. User may be afraid to share his contact numbers online, hence website should provide contact number by which user who is interested to buy can contact the website administrator and clarify his doubts.

5. Have you ever built a website before yourself?
A. I haven?t built a website, however I am aware of HTML and DHTML languages, prepared couple of sites during my graduation days.

6. Have you ever paid someone else to build a website on your behalf?
A. No, I haven?t paid anyone to build a website. I am a home maker having interest in programming languages like HTML, DHTML.
Firefox 3.6 (Windows)
Review time: 24 mins, 56 secs
14 1. Yes.
2. Yes, it feels reassuring.
3. Yes, navigation is easy.
4. Yes, there is enough clarity.
5. Yes.
6. Yes, when my attempt to do it myself was not so satisfying.
Firefox 3.5 (Windows)
15 1.yes it made me to do business with it as the explanations provided are satisfactory and trustworthy.
2.yes it was convincing as the offers and services provided are worthy.
3.Yes the homepage was more descriptive and gave all the explanations needed in a clear manner.
4.Yes the points are been made clear in the explanations and it increases the revenues as expected.
5.Yes i have built a picture sharing website.
6.yes i did and the website came out successfully.
Chrome 13 (Windows)
Review time: 5 mins, 5 secs
16 Ans1: The content on the website is very impressive and convincing hence i would want to do business with you.

Ans2: Yes i would be confident because firms who r doing business with you are recognizable and their websites are impressive, and i would want my website to attract customers as well.

Ans3: Definitely , examples are given which is good for comparison with other similar businesses. however since pricing is vague it could be difficult to decide through just using the website.

Ans4: it is not too clear as it says that after signing up they will call me back.hence i would have to discuss with them rather than just learning through the website..the process tab does not give very detailed information.

Ans5:no I have built a website before on dream weaver and programmed it and connected it to oracle database.

Ans6: No i have never paid anyone to make a website for me.
Chrome 13 (Windows)
Review time: 14 mins, 35 secs
17 1.Yes. I want to do business with site.

2. yes it is comfortable.

3.For purchase design, we want to sent mail or call to 1300.

4.Yes, I clear that. I create web copy by Decal Mockups tool and it is easy to purchase.

5. No. It is first time.

6.Ya, I paid.
Firefox 6 (Windows)
Review time: 1 mins, 47 secs
18 1. yes
2. yes, the copy of website seems very comfortable.
3. yes, this site is user friendly.
4. yes, it is clear.
5. no.
6. not at all.
Internet Explorer 7 (Windows)
Review time: 3 mins, 41 secs
19 1. Maybe.

2. Not that comfortable.

3. No, it is not organized properly.

4. It is not clear at all.

5. Yes, I have.

6. Yes, I have.
Internet Explorer 9 (Windows)
Review time: 19 mins, 25 secs
20 1. Ignoring the design, yes. The site provides enough information so that it invite me to make business with these people. Although the site need to be appealing, the simplicity of it will force me to believe that my future website will look the same and I would be so happy about it.

2. I'm afraid no. At least not in total. The site is very poor in design, at least for the upper half of the site, the lower is simple and it provides useful links. I would like my business to have a pale image.

3. Almost. The site needs a guide line, like a menu on the right side of the main page. The pages on the top are not appealing and are not inviting me to click them.

4. Yes. It is quite clear. Information like this may be provided in an individual personalised e-mail sent to the customer.

5. No, but I would like to try it. My experience is related to blogging only.

6. No, but I would trust my business' website in the hands of professionals. I wouldn't do it myself.
Chrome 13 (Windows)
Review time: 20 mins, 40 secs
21 1. No. It is plain. We live in an ADD world, and boring, especially on the internet, just won't keep a person engaged. Now, if this web design company make a really interesting website of their own to show what they can do, then I might be impressed.
2. Yes, I feel they could deliver, but I might want to go with a web company that has a more interesting website of their own.
3. Yes, it was easy enough to follow, that is if a person doesn't fall asleep reading it.
4. Yes, their are easy to follow steps.
5. No, I have not.
6. No, I haven't, however, I have seen plenty of websites in my day.
Chrome 13 (Windows)
Review time: 0 mins, 8 secs
22 1. The website makes me want to do business with you, but I find it includes too many buzzwords. The inclusion of previous costumers is definitely a plus.
2. The copy makes me feel somewhat comfortable with hiring you.
3. The previous costumers should be highlighted a bit more. The top paragraphs ("Our unique content first approach... ") are a bit too big and confusing, these paragraphs include too many buzzwords which are actually devoid of meaning.
4. Once I have made a purchasing decision, finding the link to follow trough was kind of a hassle. The link should be prominently displayed on the top-left corner of the website, under the top link-bar.
5. I have built a number a websites.
6. I have never payed someone to build a website for me in the past.
Chrome 13 (Windows)
Review time: 8 mins, 39 secs
23 I would feel totally comfortable letting Decal build my website. I find that this is a solid company that knows how to perform. They provide content, in a sleek manner, and focus next on the "eye-candy" part. I feel that it is obvious to use the sign-up feature to communicate with the developer(s). I have built a few websites for minor projects, nothing large-scale. Nor have I ever paid anyone as a website development service.
Chrome 13 (Windows)
Review time: 10 mins, 37 secs
24 1.) YES , DEFINITELY THE SITE LOOKS LEGIT AND GOOD SO YES I WOULD LIKE TO BUSINESS WITH YOU GUYS .

2.) YES , THE COPY OF THIS WEBSITE MAKE ME FEEL COMFORTABLE IT !



3.) YES , SURE I CAN FIND WHAT EVER I WANT IN ORDER TO MAKE A PURCHASING DECISION AFTER ALL THIS IS REALLY A GOOD SITE !

4.) YES, EVERYTHING IS CLEAR HERE THERE IS NOTHING CONFUSING THERE ABOUT MAKING A PURCHASE ON THE SITE !
\
5.) YES, I HAVE BUILT A WEBSITE FOR MY BUSINESS PURPOSE WITH MYSELF .

6.) YES, IN BEGINNING I ALSO HAVE PAID SOMEONE TO BUILT A WEBSITE BEHALF OF ME.
Chrome 13 (Windows)
Review time: 17 mins, 14 secs
25 1. Certainly.The information are accurate and it give trust worthy.

2. Yes,the information is comfortable.

3. Yes,The information are arranged in a orderly manner.

4. Yes,it is clear.

5. Yes, By using http://www.webs.com/

6. No,I have made myself.
Chrome 13 (Windows)
Review time: 0 mins, 7 secs
26 1. Yes, I am ready to business with you.

2. Yes, I am sure that you'll deliver me the site.

3. It is organized.

4. I don't know that how to act but I know that it will help improving my business.

5. No, I have not.

6. Yes, I have paid once.
Firefox 3.6 (Windows)
Review time: 0 mins, 4 secs
27 1.Yes
2.Yes
3.Yes
4.Go to contact with you
5.No
Mozilla 1.9 (Windows)
Review time: 2 mins, 59 secs
28 1. Does the copy on this site make you want to do business with us? (ignoring the design)
Ans. Not really, if the site has some exta and attractive feature then I must have considered this site for my business fith you.

2. If you wanted to get a website online for your business does the copy on this site make you feel comfortable that we'd be able to deliver?
Ans. Yes, this site makes me comfortabe to online my business but with some attractiveness in it.

3. Do you think that the information on this site is organised such that you are able to find out what you need in order to make a purchasing decision?
Ans. yes it has some information in it but not as much as one needs to order to make a purchase.

4. Once you have made a purchasing decision is it clear how to act and what will happen when you do?
Ans. May be, but frankly saying I am little much confused.

5. Have you ever built a website before yourself?
No I have not built a website on this much large scale but I wish to build one.

6. Have you ever paid someone else to build a website on your behalf?
Ans. No, I have never paid anyone for designing a website for me.
Internet Explorer 8 (Windows)
Review time: 8 mins, 55 secs
29 1.I think yes. I don't think I would have any problems.
2.Yeah but a better web design would help.
3.Yes. It's pretty well organised. Very comfortable for anyone.
4.Yeah it is.Excepting the design everything else is very well organised that we don't need to be confused for anything.
5.No I haven't ever built a website but would love to make one.
6.No I didn't ever pay anyone to build a website on my behalf.
Chrome 13 (Windows)
Review time: 0 mins, 3 secs
30 1 . Well ignoring the design since it has shown some examples of the companies for which it has developed websites, I might want to make business with this.

2 . Ignoring the design and based on the location where I am going to start, I might opt for this site if it delivers good sample paid simple website.

3 . Yes the information are organized except the design of the web page which needs further development.

4 . There are details asking for the registration purposes which also directs to next possible step. SO it is clear on what to do next.

5 . Yes! I have built a website with two pages in my lab sessions.

6 . I haven't paid or recommended on building a website for me or for someone else.
Firefox 5 (Windows)
Review time: 17 mins, 29 secs
31 1. NO, i cant ignore design. choose better web tempalate. I dont know what is the page offering.
2. No.
3. NO.
4. No, i cant find any product you offer.
5. YES.
6. NO.
Firefox 3 (Windows)
Review time: 3 mins, 25 secs
32 1. Maybe, yes.

2. Not totally comfortable.

3. Not totally organised.

4. No, it is not clear enough to follow.

5. No.

6. Yes, I have.
Internet Explorer 9 (Windows)
Review time: 2 mins, 9 secs
33 1. Yes i think the content of this site makes you believe that its taking its business seriously and i think there is nothing bad in at least trying it once.

2. I think its a very difficult question to answer without seeing the sample .relying just on the text would be very difficult to trust.

3.Yes i think the content of this site is very professional and well organised and is in the correct format and order.

4. Yes i think the overall process is very simple.

5. No i did not.

6.No but i have seen my friends paying for a website.
Chrome 13 (Windows)
Review time: 4 mins, 46 secs
34 I assume it's not very good because it's a mockup right? I like the navigation but I couldnt mix so much content with images and links. it looks hectic
Safari 5 (MacOS)
Review time: 0 mins, 4 secs
35 1-Yes i would probably make business with your site
2-Well sort of,while the site seems a good way to build a business website,the site i saw on the copy were too simple.
3-Yes
4-No,i think you should add a faq section or a tutorial explaing exactly how thing would work
5-No
6-No
Chrome 13 (Windows)
Review time: 3 mins, 51 secs
36 1. Yes, to some extent.
2. Yes. The info on the homepage makes that sense.
3. Yes. It is easy to find out what I need in order to make a purchase decision.
4. Yes. The option "Click here to get started right now >>" helps to know what will happen when I go for purchase.
5. No.
6. Yes. I have paid for a domain name and designing is still going on.
Chrome 12 (Windows)
Review time: 5 mins, 48 secs
37 1. If i was in the market for a web site, i would consider it.
2.no, because it is not completed. in this particular moment, how can i believe that you can deliver, when yours is not done?
3.yes, i like the big example section.
4.yes, just click on 'Click here to find out more', and follow the steps.
5. no i did not.
6. yes i did, for a firm i used to work for.
Firefox 6 (Windows)
Review time: 3 mins, 4 secs
38 Yes, its good, but can be more decent and explanatory.

Yes, but i will like to have more details as to past experience, who works on my task, time, and quality assurance.

Yes information is organised very well, a good background and design will make it look great.

I have to fill up a form and i will be contacted back.

No i have never built a site on my own, i know i can but never tried.

No not till date but i dont mind handing the task to a good designer.
Chrome 13 (Windows)
Review time: 3 mins, 58 secs
39 1.Yes I would like to business with the site.

2.Yes I would do business with the site as the service offered were clearly explained there it comfortable for me.

3.Yes the information on the site is organised to some extent because which I was able to figure out my requirement.

4. All process to complete a deal is clearly explained in "Get started right now".

5. Yes I have built a website by myself.

6. no not yet.
Chrome 13 (Windows)
Review time: 10 mins, 33 secs
40 1)Yes, by looking at the site I feel that I want to do business because I am impressed with the features every Decal website offers. Some of the features in them are unique to you, one of them is "As many pages as you like". Not many website builders offer this feature.

2)I would like to bring two points in your notice, one is the testimonials in Who's using Decal" they are misplaced. Testimonial of one company is misplaced with other. The second point is the price, $2500-its very high in my opinion.

3)Yes the information in the site is well organised. The tabs at the top are placed in order, First "Introduction" then the "who's using decal" then the "process".

4)Once I have made decision, I will have to sign-up and provide my information so that you can call me.

5)Yes I have built two website's.

6)Not yet, I have built the website's using free website builders.
Chrome 12 (Windows)
Review time: 46 mins, 31 secs
41 1.) Not if I was comparing companies; The message isn't unique enough and to short to convince me. Lower on the page I see 'Decal' mentioned, but I don't know what Decal is. This makes this part confusing.

2.) If I wanted a website online for my business, I'd go and judge a company on it's achieved work. I want to see real projects and examples of other, preferably similar websites.

3.) Partly; there is a clear spot for examples which is good. I'm missing 'the face behind' the company though. Who are you? Philosophy and design process alone is not enough.

4.) It is very clear what to do. Minor remark; Getting back within 1 hour seems a bit like a strong promise. (what if I submit the form at night?)

5.) I've built many websites myself. Lately mostly using wordpress; see http://www.didyouknowthat.net for an example

6.) I've never paid someone else to build a website on my behalft.
Safari 5 (MacOS)
Review time: 10 mins, 56 secs
42 1.Yes,it does.
2.Yes,it does.
3.Yes,the informations on this site are quite organised to make a purchasing decision on this site.
4.If I need to purchase a web design I need to click the sign-up button and then by furnishing the details enlisted below I will be contacted by the web designers of this site within 1 hour to get my desired website ready.
5.No, I didn't.
6.No, I didn't.
Firefox 1.5 (Windows)
Review time: 11 mins, 27 secs
43 1) The purpose of the business is very clear. Considering that as a whole, chances for me to make a deal with you would be 70%.

2) Yes! The concept of audience engagement sounds dear to any web designer. This is what the web designers expect from the end users. So, I would give very high importance to improve the functionalities, thereby improving effectiveness of site. I definitely consider using your services for my site.

3) The client websites that you designed need to be organized in a better way. Rather than a simple testimonial, a sample demo on the competitive advantages which were created by your firm can be showcased. That adds clarity to the viewer on what exactly you accomplish.

4) Yes. Pricing and sign-up process is conventional and straight forward. I think there would not be any difficulties in this.

5) Yes. I used to build static websites using Front Page and tools like XSite Pro.

6) I have some experience in purchasing personal DNS with an India based web service provider.
Chrome 6 (Windows)
Review time: 17 mins, 8 secs
44 1. Sure this copy makes me willing to do work with you.
2.Yes i need some websites online for my business and it makes me feel free.
3. Sure i able to find to make purchase.
4.Not sure but somewhat it makes me .
to take decision.
5.No.
6.No.
Firefox 6 (Windows)
Review time: 8 mins, 15 secs
45 1. Does the copy on this site make you want to do business with us? (ignoring the design)

I'm fairly neutral. The language used is very standard but contains a lot of empty marketing buzzwords that don't mean much.

2. If you wanted to get a website online for your business does the copy on this site make you feel comfortable that we'd be able to deliver?

Yes. I like the fact that stress that the customers will be able to manage his own website.

3. Do you think that the information on this site is organised such that you are able to find out what you need in order to make a purchasing decision?

Yes. I'm comfortable with the structure, the introduction, the explanation, the testimony and the technical details.

4. Once you have made a purchasing decision is it clear how to act and what will happen when you do?

Yes, the form is straightforward for customers.

5. Have you ever built a website before yourself?

Yes, I have. I built it on WordPress.

6. Have you ever paid someone else to build a website on your behalf?

No, never.
Firefox 6 (Windows)
Review time: 4 mins, 4 secs
46 1) The copy is clean and looks corporate.
2) I feel that a little more work with spacing is required it looks congested. more whitespace.
3) the information is sequential and obvious. even bigger text for the important bits would help.
4) It is clear how to act because the links are obvious at the bottom. concise.
5) many times.
6) no because i have the skill to do so myself.
Chrome 13 (Windows)
Review time: 6 mins, 2 secs
47 1. Yes,of course !
There is no harm i feel in doing that...rather after looking website,it seems that this would be really a very reliable and useful deal.

2. As i said earlier,i completely agree with your ideas and way of service delivery.

3. I personally feel that the website is very informative and anyone can easily find what he is looking for.

4. Obviously yes...i will make a purchasing decision only after making all those things very clear.

5. Yeah,i have few blogs.Also,my brother is a developer himself and i learned few things from him.

6. Not me but as i said my brother is a professional and he often does !
Firefox 4 (Linux)
Review time: 7 mins, 39 secs
48 1. Yes, reading the bold statements makes it sound very promising and very effective.

2. If I were to have a website done, yes I would be confident that you will be able to deliver what you've promised to, and I would be comfortable transacting business with you.

3. Yes, it is pretty easy to navigate since there is a Pricing tab at the top and there's also a 'Get Started' button that one can click.

4. The forms to fill up are pretty easy, but then after that it says that they'll be in touch in about an hour. It isn't clear as to how they will get in touch. Will they email me? Find out my phone number through the information provided and call me? Will they reach me by mail? It should be specified as to how they will contact me.

5. No, I have never built a website before as I have no knowledge on web design and development.

6. No, I have not paid anyone to build me a website either since, at the moment, I have no use for it.
Chrome 13 (Windows)
Review time: 6 mins, 8 secs
49 1. I am not 100% sure if I want to do business with it. Yet, the website's slogan and message is quite convincing.

2. Yes, I would feel comfortable as it seems that true professionals are at work.

3. All the essential links for navigating through this website are right at the top. This makes it easy to look, skim and read through the pages of this website. Thanks to this, I would surely say that I can make a purchasing decision comfortably.

4. There's a sign-up page that says it will take less than hour to respond. So, I guess I just wait an hour and then the professionals of this website will ask me some detailed questions about my planned website. However, I'm not sure when they will charge me or if I receive a price before ordering services from this site.

5. No, I never have built one myself.

6. No, I haven't.
Chrome 13 (Linux)
Review time: 14 mins, 32 secs
50 1. Ofcourse Yes, but not at the first glance.

2. After a detailed study, yes I will.

3. The tags can be more explanatory and to the point so, one can be sure as to where to go for the required information.

4. Yes.

5. Tried but not fully.

6. Not at all.
Internet Explorer 9 (Windows)
Review time: 23 mins, 33 secs
